[Music]
every year you kind of get a sense of
what's hot what's going on in the market
and they show up here at saster this is
the place to
[Music]
be I remember being at saster in I think
2016 and the the huge names that are now
valued at billions of dollars they were
just a couple of people with a laptop
the world today moves really really fast
and to be able to do that and innovate
and take chances you have to have a
company that bets then on software as a
service the people who saying that SAS
is dead are wrong it's never been more
alive and we're going to start to see
the first wave of three person billion
dollar
[Music]
companies you guys have a VC Lounge we
have a Founders Lounge the brain date
system has made it really easy for me to
set up 101s which is really what I want
to do I I really want to have that
oneon-one connection energy here is
incredible everybody here is very
interested I love how they're also
taking care of us here I feel completely
like the the red carpet has been rolled
out for us here today I think it's just
really important to be where Founders
are to meet them where they're at this
is a really important show for startups
and for BCS both of whom are very
important audiences for us founding a
company is not easy and anything we can
do to try and promote entrepreneurship
just resonates really well with me we
are sass we are
[Music]
just the energy there are so many people
here there are so many companies doing
really exciting things small companies
just getting started always having big
Ideas larger companies it's a great
place to meet customers prospects and
have a chance to to kind of sell what
we're up to the last two years in SAS
have been wild it's been a different
funding Market a different growth Market
there's been a lot of pressures and in
this different environment Jason talks
about how it's not a downturn but it's
like a new reality when there is great
changes like this there's never been a
better time to be a builder to be a
Founder to be an
[Music]
operator CH we are SAS saster is my
peeps we are
saster we are saster we are you got to
be here next year